what's wrong with me kids today I bring you
a video talking about this topic one
pub tree the police already cabrera mother
we have episodes of dallas linear llosa
this will never end in [ __ ] life first of all I
want to apologize because I know I'm
a little late with the subject
since well it's also true that the turbo
plague has released a few videos
zorrito also almost all the life
of this subject and I didn't want to make another
video contributing anything or rather talking
saying the same thing reacting to the video
and that's it also true that I didn't
have much time what is
the weekend because well you
know that I recently became a father and I
had a baby that almost doesn't let us
sleep I'm like I fall asleep
in every corner of the house and
also I have to take a few extra hours
from my job to appeal video
because it turns out that the burned asses
are all [ __ ] day reporting the
channel to me and this is part of my life
of my day to day you know that when they don't
have me on twitter which by the way I have an
account of  twister okay kids
and a low web as for lies on
twitter because they throw videos at me and well on
this occasion because today I was very
happy precisely because I have
recovered the game over to jairo blog that
for those of you who are old in this channel
you know that this channel that
game over to jairo blogs a gem because
apart from being the first game over it was
for me an atheist afterwards it was not a scourge
that took me off the top and everyone
celebrated it the game over was not going well
simply because of the thumbnail or rather
because he had found it offensive to
the thumbnail and well anyway it cost one's
own life to fight for it and win it but
by head I have won it and it turns out that
today I do not know when it will have been but today they
realize that I am missing two more
game overs in my playlist I am
missing another two thousand do not you see how good I
will have to start peeling it and
get it one of them I already got
one of them to help I recovered it and they have
reported it again or rather people more
tricks to kid or rather if you are angry
because I tell you in your face the  true
is not 3 in the game so thanks to people
who have fought if it is for the end I will
try to recover it okay if you have
any problem look for what is out
there summarized and so on as if to say I did not
want to bring one more video without contributing
anything then what I have done has been
talking to my colleague extraco 0 who
is a policeman the same policeman who
was helping me with the green or green they have
told him he made a fake and I already told you in
another video that this policeman from Buenos
Aires what happened because this
policeman has contacted the
police station to which
Juanpa Barbot has gone to report and I have
and handle some data that is a scoop we
could call it scoops and that it is
true that these preserves are released by their
channel and they study everything carefully I will
leave it in the description as always
but here I really diffusion I am
basically going to react a little
to the video for those who have been on
vacation this weekend in
line or in the North Pole have not
found out what happened I am going to be
reacting a little and putting it in
context but come on  spoiler
is a lie as always cabrera leave it
already leave this topic aside leave this topic aside
if in fact you are releasing your more
videos than anyone else on this subject I
imagine that monetizing and period is not
intended for us to believe or rather leave it already
or cabrera because we would believe
the false stab before this
we are in this one pub tree how good a
piece of mastodon two meters
two meters tall and like another two
wide and he comes to this video to cry with
some scratches on his face that the
police have put that he was at the
airport about to catch a flight and
that when swiping the ticket his name came out
and it came out by the QR code that
later we will address this subject it came out that he
had a reason for which he could not
leave the country and that the police
had to detain him
the police take him to the police station and skip
hitting him and according to him because of
here he calling him a rapist
abuser abuse those things this guy
measures two square meters without exaggeration
a built-in closet is that I imagine the
police  before hitting him someone
throw a tranquilizer dart at his
back please he'll fall on us it's
unbelievable it's not that it seems very strong to me
that this kid is here come crying
because of some scratches that I surely did to him
that he fell out of
bed by the sides I
promise I'll stop with the
fat jokes
[Music]
the things that arrive and start recording
at the police station it
was the already cabrera one or two girls
to another boy also a few and they
start recording like behind me they were
signing up they don't have permission to record
I'm like this it would be committing a crime even if
they censor the face I'm not going to
put it here but if you look
closely at the original video
although the faces are usually there are some
frames in which they have done very
bad there are some frames where you can
see the faces of all the police officers and
even the commissioner and the voice has not been
retouched at all I mean their
voices are perfectly recognizable I'm going to speak to you as
if we were in Buenos Aires- okay
According to the law of Buenos Aires, there are some
occasions in which
police officers can be recorded because they are
public employees, but
three elements would have to be given, which are the ones I am
going to put below. According to what is
referred to in article 53 of the
civil commercial code, it states the right to the image
to hunt or reproduce the image. Some
person said I want it to be done,
their consent is necessary, except in the
following cases: that the person
participates in successful public events, the
priority scientific, cultural, and educational interest and the actions will be
sufficient to avoid
unnecessary harm. If it is the
regular exercise of the right to report on
events of general interest, in the
case of deceased persons,
their heirs can provide notice. The person
designated by the deceased in a
provision.
The judge, after 20 years of
non-offensive reproduction, is free. These
elements that you just heard
are not the ones that are given in this case because they
are neither in the public highway nor are they at
a public event nor are they the police officers
involved in the case that is being
reported. That is to say, if, for example,
they recorded the police officer hitting Wapa
Barbot, then I understand that it would be
legal for him to have worked on him, but what they
are doing is illegal and for good reason.
that they calmly throw you in the
cells here I bring you the complaint that
one made for garbo at that time and
well I had summarized it I want to
the front I have already read it but so
that the video is not biased and
thought or I will summarize them you can stop the
video you and the front if you want what he
is saying to pay bot is that
he is going to take a flight and when he passes the
QR code of his ticket it pops up as if he
has some kind of search as if he
were here in Spain a person
wanted for capture well something like that
this is not like that the QR code
serves us to give that information that he has
a cause or something pending it
would simply be to verify that the
flight is reserved correctly and that
this person has paid for the ticket and
well what he says more paying
that comes out as if he has a cause that he cannot leave the
country then the
airport police accompany him outside to the
car and take him in a patrol car to
this police station well I can assure you
that this is a lie because this policeman
has shown me the security cameras
of the airport since they were requested
after the  complaint beautiful barbot
obviously I can't show any
image or anything but I can assure you that I have
seen the video and it is seen perfectly
and also unmistakable like how many
barbots leave the airport on their
own two feet so well it
's a shame that
this video can't be published because that
would be a plug in the mouth and that's it and a good part of the security camera well here is another lie which is this what taco told me I obviously don't know and it is that he says that they mount it in a green police mobile
that according to what my
colleague extraco tells me well no it doesn't exist in the
city of Buenos Aires there are no
white and green police cars
[Music]
this because he went to the doctor at the Sant
Ramon hospital to justify it and punish them
[Music]
denouncing the story that the complaint of
each stage with a flight in the official company
[Music]
is a type of fallacy that I have
mentioned many times on this
channel and it is that with what he wants to
play you in this video what he wants to make you
see is that since there is a complaint filed it
is that automatically they are
right and everything they are telling  It's
true we've talked about this
many times on this channel with another
case and there are a lot of people who just
because you show them a paper that there's
a complaint is like it
proves something not proves anything or rather
that you file a complaint doesn't
directly make you the winner of
it and that you file a complaint doesn't
directly make what you're
telling is true
anyone can go to a police station and
file a complaint
the police officer is going to take your complaint and
more so when you're telling
and they come with their face full of bruises or
whatever the complaint is now
then you win it and they tell the
truth is something else I'm going to give you an
example that's surely going to be very familiar to you it's
surely not my case this is an example
that I heard around here in the
neighborhood okay but not in my case here in
Spain if you lose your ID it costs
money to ask for another one the tennis card
but however if it's stolen you
can get another one without a car or in other words if they
snatch your purse if they steal them
in the car if you  They steal your wallet
so a lot of people
go to the police station and file a police report
saying that their wallet has been stolen or
that their car has been opened and they lock it.
The wallet that was on the bus is stolen
and they take it with that paper they
go and take out their ID
obviously a false report but
what's happening is that in no state
of the office is going to pursue that nonsense I
'm not saying that doing that is right
but the point I want to convey is
if a person comes now saying with
that paper look look my
wallet has been stolen and I lost it you have that does that
mean that the truth could not have been
attempted anyone could file a report
[Music]
we prepare ourselves and now
right Phil why are we going to keep
quiet thinking that you prepared all this
come on in fact I'm
telling you I've seen the security cameras
at the airport and you can
clearly see how many Barbot
leave the airport on their own two feet
I find it tremendous that he's making
this paper here with this little tear
all he needs to say
here what happened
through one thing I don't want them to
catch and Oscar  in a fight but I
surely if it were the brother the boyfriend
the cousin or the father here he and I
surely I would love to grab you
and hit you on one side and this other one
too the center would cost me a little
more work because I already told you that a
built-in wardrobe but
throws a dart here in the neck
that you have nothing to do with chito de
mierda well about cachito but if you
were insulting everyone a few days ago
for your will be harassing
caeli and spreading her intimate video or I mean
what nerve he has I don't understand
how you could be a scratch on that
thick face that you have and well
before finishing with the video I also
want to show this report that
my extra partner kof sends me I will copy his channel
in the description as always Mr.
Juan Pablo Barbot called by phone
hours later to the police station to
withdraw that complaint because you would have
intention juanpa barbot to withdraw that
complaint that is already half owned we are
here divine and makes pop and already the oatmeal
commented a little the curb call
take he is also hungry  two I commented on the
curb a little bit let's see we've
forgotten the very funny sounds
the curb doesn't happen anything doesn't happen anything it's
everyone has breakfast curb from time
to time one who has had the intention
of withdrawing the complaint after having
recorded the video and two that I have seen
the security cameras at the airport
and it looks calmly like guapa barbot
abandoned on her own two feet
therefore the whole story is that they have
invented and here the fifth the patch
that you have the idea for the end of the video and it's
a photo well a story rather
from one's instagram to give voice to the
two or three days of the video without any
wound on the face but good guys I
will be reading the comments what do
you think of all this if anything comes up
amapola I will comment here or
on the secondary channel
and until the next video